#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.2.0
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   k-diffusion
    #   peft
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
albucore==0.0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
albumentations==1.4.15
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
clean-fid==0.1.35
    # via k-diffusion
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
clip-anytorch==2.6.0
    # via k-diffusion
controlnet-aux==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
dctorch==0.1.2
    # via k-diffusion
diffusers==0.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lycoris-lora
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   k-diffusion
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via albumentations
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.5.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatten-json==0.1.14
    # via -r requirements.in
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   open-clip-torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
gradio==5.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.8.0
    # via gradio
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via tensorboard
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-transfer==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   safehttpx
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   peft
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
invisible-watermark==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   torch
jsonmerge==1.9.2
    # via k-diffusion
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via jsonmerge
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
k-diffusion==0.1.1.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
kornia==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   k-diffusion
kornia-rs==0.1.8
    # via kornia
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lpips==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
lycoris-lora==1.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
ninja==1.11.1.4
    # via optimum-quanto
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
    #   clean-fid
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   dctorch
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   lpips
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-fid
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tifffile
    #   torchsde
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
open-clip-torch==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   invisible-watermark
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
optimum-quanto==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.16
    # via gradio
oyaml==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kornia
    #   lazy-loader
    #   peft
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via gradio
peft==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   clean-fid
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   k-diffusion
    #   pytorch-fid
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via wandb
prodigyopt==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   wandb
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   wandb
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-fid==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.8.0
    # via invisible-watermark
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   albumentations
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   oyaml
    #   peft
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   diffusers
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   clean-fid
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.11.2
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   k-diffusion
    #   lycoris-lora
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   peft
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   k-diffusion
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   clean-fid
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   dctorch
    #   k-diffusion
    #   lpips
    #   pytorch-fid
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchdiffeq
    #   torchsde
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==2.24.1
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.5
    # via wandb
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   flatten-json
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
starlette==0.46.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tifffile==2025.3.13
    # via scikit-image
timm==1.0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   open-clip-torch
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via gradio
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   clean-fid
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   dctorch
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   k-diffusion
    #   kornia
    #   lpips
    #   lycoris-lora
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-fid
    #   timm
    #   torchdiffeq
    #   torchsde
    #   torchvision
torchdiffeq==0.2.5
    # via k-diffusion
torchsde==0.2.6
    # via k-diffusion
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via
    #   clean-fid
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   k-diffusion
    #   lpips
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   pytorch-fid
    #   timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   clean-fid
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   k-diffusion
    #   lpips
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   peft
    #   transformers
trampoline==0.1.2
    # via torchsde
transformers==4.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lycoris-lora
    #   peft
typer==0.15.2
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via gradio
wandb==0.19.8
    # via k-diffusion
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
websockets==15.0.1
    # via gradio-client
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
